Mr. Wu, what should monks do?
Please try it, OK,
Okay, how can I be short of room?
Why do you lack a house? Why do you lack a house?
Why do you need a house? Why do you want to be the son of God?
What are you doing, Son of God? What are you doing, Son of God?
What Son of God, what Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God, Son of God , what kind of son of god do you, what kind of son of god do you, what kind of son of god do you, what kind of son of god do you, what kind of son of god do you,
What are you doing?
Little bell bell bell bell bell bell
Where are the people I need you to employ?
You will save us, right?
What kind of move is this?
I'm not a family
But I sang the wrong song
Now know
We are a family. We are finished. Kill her.
I almost got myself killed
Even if there is no unlimited hand today
I'll kill you tonight
Send her to death